Update readme (#1)
dltxio/b4real-contracts: README.md

  [--argName <argValue>]
```
For the local hardhat network, use the default `localhost` value for `networkName`. 

> ## Functions
> Below is a list of all non-standard functions
> 
> setTaxFee: Sets the fee percentage for the B4REAL Tax fund	(uint256 fee, uint256 feeDecimals) modifiers: onlyAdmin
> 
> toggleTransactionFees: Toggles the in-built transaction fee on and off for all transactions modifiers: onlyAdmin
> 
> whitelisted: Whether a wallet has been whitelisted or not
> 
> exemptFromFee: Removes a wallet address to the whitelist modifiers: onlyAdmin, onlyValidAddress
> 
> includeInFee: Adds a wallet address from the whitelist modifiers: onlyAdmin, onlyValidAddress
> 
> updateB4REALTaxAddress: Updates the tax contract address modifiers: onlyAdmin
> 
> calculateFee: return Number of tokens to hold as the fee
> 
> transfer: Transfers tokens and takes tax when required
> 
> setAdmin: Changes the admin role modifiers: onlyOwner
> 
> transferOwnership: Transfers the owner role modifiers: onlyOwner

Reviewer: I suggest making it into a table for more readability

```suggestion
## Functions
Below is a table of all non-standard functions

| Function name          | Function description                                                                                    |
|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| setTaxFee              | Sets the fee percentage for the B4REAL Tax fund	(uint256 fee, uint256 feeDecimals) modifiers: onlyAdmin |
| toggleTransactionFees  | Toggles the in-built transaction fee on and off for all transactions modifiers: onlyAdmin               |
| whitelisted            | Whether a wallet has been whitelisted or not                                                            |
| exemptFromFee          | Removes a wallet address to the whitelist modifiers: onlyAdmin, onlyValidAddress                        |
| includeInFee           | Adds a wallet address from the whitelist modifiers: onlyAdmin, onlyValidAddress                         |
| updateB4REALTaxAddress | Updates the tax contract address modifiers: onlyAdmin                                                   |
| calculateFee           | return Number of tokens to hold as the fee                                                              |
| transfer               | Transfers tokens and takes tax when required                                                            |
| setAdmin               | Changes the admin role modifiers: onlyOwner                                                             |
| transferOwnership      | Transfers the owner role modifiers: onlyOwner                                                           |

```
